Add link for CleverTap server-side support (#4446)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/clevertap/index.md

You can integrate CleverTap using a server-side or mobile destination (iOS or Android). If you are interested in using CleverTap's push notifications or in-app notifications products, you should use the mobile destinations.

> All server-side destination requests require both the Segment `anonymousId` and `userId` in the payload. This is a requirement from CleverTap. The server-side integration is maintained by CleverTap. For any issues with the server-side integration, [contact the CleverTap Support team](https://help.clevertap.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All server-side destination requests require both the Segment `anonymousId` and `userId` in the payload. This is a requirement from CleverTap. CleverTap maintains the server-side integration. For any issues with the server-side integration, [contact the CleverTap Support team](https://help.clevertap.com/hc/en-us/requests/new){:target="_blank"}.
```
